# Payment

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**Id** | Pointer to **string** | Payment UUID | [optional] 
**Amount** | **float32** | Payment amount | 
**Currency** | Pointer to **string** | Payment currency | [optional] 
**SourceAccount** | [**Account**](account.md) |  | 
**DestinationAccount** | [**Account**](account.md) |  | 
**Status** | Pointer to [**PaymentStatus**](paymentStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**CustomerTransactionId** | Pointer to **string** | A unique id generated by the customer for this payment | [optional] 
**CreatedAt** | Pointer to **int32** | Date and time when the payment was created expressed as a Unix timestamp | [optional] 
**UpdatedAt** | Pointer to **int32** | Date and time when of the last update made to the payment expressed as a Unix timestamp | [optional] 

## Methods

### NewPayment

`func NewPayment(amount float32, sourceAccount Account, destinationAccount Account, ) *Payment`

NewPayment instantiates a new Payment object
This constructor will assign default values to properties that have it defined,
and makes sure properties required by API are set, but the set of arguments
will change when the set of required properties is changed

### NewPaymentWithDefaults

`func NewPaymentWithDefaults() *Payment`

NewPaymentWithDefaults instantiates a new Payment object
This constructor will only assign default values to properties that have it defined,
but it doesn't guarantee that properties required by API are set

### GetId

`func (o *Payment) GetId() string`

GetId returns the Id field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetIdOk

`func (o *Payment) GetIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetIdOk returns a tuple with the Id field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetId

`func (o *Payment) SetId(v string)`

SetId sets Id field to given value.

### HasId

`func (o *Payment) HasId() bool`

HasId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetAmount

`func (o *Payment) GetAmount() float32`

GetAmount returns the Amount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetAmountOk

`func (o *Payment) GetAmountOk() (*float32, bool)`

GetAmountOk returns a tuple with the Amount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetAmount

`func (o *Payment) SetAmount(v float32)`

SetAmount sets Amount field to given value.


### GetCurrency

`func (o *Payment) GetCurrency() string`

GetCurrency returns the Currency field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCurrencyOk

`func (o *Payment) GetCurrencyOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCurrencyOk returns a tuple with the Currency field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCurrency

`func (o *Payment) SetCurrency(v string)`

SetCurrency sets Currency field to given value.

### HasCurrency

`func (o *Payment) HasCurrency() bool`

HasCurrency returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetSourceAccount

`func (o *Payment) GetSourceAccount() Account`

GetSourceAccount returns the SourceAccount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetSourceAccountOk

`func (o *Payment) GetSourceAccountOk() (*Account, bool)`

GetSourceAccountOk returns a tuple with the SourceAccount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetSourceAccount

`func (o *Payment) SetSourceAccount(v Account)`

SetSourceAccount sets SourceAccount field to given value.


### GetDestinationAccount

`func (o *Payment) GetDestinationAccount() Account`

GetDestinationAccount returns the DestinationAccount field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetDestinationAccountOk

`func (o *Payment) GetDestinationAccountOk() (*Account, bool)`

GetDestinationAccountOk returns a tuple with the DestinationAccount field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetDestinationAccount

`func (o *Payment) SetDestinationAccount(v Account)`

SetDestinationAccount sets DestinationAccount field to given value.


### GetStatus

`func (o *Payment) GetStatus() PaymentStatus`

GetStatus returns the Status field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetStatusOk

`func (o *Payment) GetStatusOk() (*PaymentStatus, bool)`

GetStatusOk returns a tuple with the Status field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetStatus

`func (o *Payment) SetStatus(v PaymentStatus)`

SetStatus sets Status field to given value.

### HasStatus

`func (o *Payment) HasStatus() bool`

HasStatus returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCustomerTransactionId

`func (o *Payment) GetCustomerTransactionId() string`

GetCustomerTransactionId returns the CustomerTransactionId field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCustomerTransactionIdOk

`func (o *Payment) GetCustomerTransactionIdOk() (*string, bool)`

GetCustomerTransactionIdOk returns a tuple with the CustomerTransactionId field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCustomerTransactionId

`func (o *Payment) SetCustomerTransactionId(v string)`

SetCustomerTransactionId sets CustomerTransactionId field to given value.

### HasCustomerTransactionId

`func (o *Payment) HasCustomerTransactionId() bool`

HasCustomerTransactionId returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetCreatedAt

`func (o *Payment) GetCreatedAt() int32`

GetCreatedAt returns the CreatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetCreatedAtOk

`func (o *Payment) GetCreatedAtOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetCreatedAtOk returns a tuple with the CreatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetCreatedAt

`func (o *Payment) SetCreatedAt(v int32)`

SetCreatedAt sets CreatedAt field to given value.

### HasCreatedAt

`func (o *Payment) HasCreatedAt() bool`

HasCreatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.

### GetUpdatedAt

`func (o *Payment) GetUpdatedAt() int32`

GetUpdatedAt returns the UpdatedAt field if non-nil, zero value otherwise.

### GetUpdatedAtOk

`func (o *Payment) GetUpdatedAtOk() (*int32, bool)`

GetUpdatedAtOk returns a tuple with the UpdatedAt field if it's non-nil, zero value otherwise
and a boolean to check if the value has been set.

### SetUpdatedAt

`func (o *Payment) SetUpdatedAt(v int32)`

SetUpdatedAt sets UpdatedAt field to given value.

### HasUpdatedAt

`func (o *Payment) HasUpdatedAt() bool`

HasUpdatedAt returns a boolean if a field has been set.


[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


